---
title: Vision and Mission
permalink: /departments/student-leadership-development/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Student Leadership Development
---
<h3><strong>Vision: </strong></h3><p>Every child a Star, Every Child a Leader</p><h3><strong>Mission: </strong></h3><p>To provide opportunities for every child to develop themselves as a leader in serving their peers, school and community</p><p><strong>Department members:</strong></p><p>Mr De Silva Adrian Gerard (Subject Head Student Well-Being)</p><p>Mdm Yang Tzy Shing (Year Head / Upper Primary)</p><p>Ms Ong Yi Ling Eileen (Asst Year Head / Upper Primary)</p><p>Ms Eliza Goh (Year Head / Middle Primary)</p><p>Mr Muhammad Fadhli Zulkiflee (Asst Year Head / Middle Primary)</p><p>Mdm Zarena Abdul Rahim (Asst Year Head / Lower Primary)</p><p>Mdm Ang Hwee See Sandra (Asst Year Head / Lower Primary)</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>In Ahmad Ibrahim Primary School, we aim to develop leaders of character reflecting our school values of Responsibility, Compassion, Respect, Integrity, Resilience and Gratitude. We believe that student leaders are able to make a positive difference to others in serving their peers, school and community.</p><p></p><p><strong><u>Our key beliefs</u></strong></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Every student can be a leader.</strong></p><p>o&nbsp;&nbsp; Every student can lead based on his/her unique blend of abilities, inclinations and talents.</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Every student should be developed as a leader.</strong></p><p>o&nbsp;&nbsp; A leader should have the confidence and takes the initiative to manage self and make a positive difference to others.</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Student Leadership development must be intentional.</strong></p><p>o&nbsp;&nbsp; Intentional student leadership development will ensure that all students are equipped with the requisite dispositions and competencies for effective leadership.</p>