---
title: Principal's Message
permalink: /general-information/principals-message/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Dear Parents, Students and Stakeholders,</p><p>Welcome to the new year!</p><p>Ahmad Ibrahim Primary School (AIPS) opened our doors in 1995, and is named after Mr Ahmad Ibrahim, Member of Parliament for Sembawang, who served as Minister for Health and then Minister for Labour in the early years of Singapore’s nationhood. The school’s heritage stands as a reminder of the courage, determination and pride of Singapore’s leaders who dedicated their lives to the building of the nation. Starting with a total of 23 classes in 1995, we have now grown in numbers and have established signature school programmes that augment the six years of the AIPS Experience for our students. We are proud to be in the heart of the Yishun neighbourhood where we welcome and embrace all learners.</p><p>The AIPS Experience for our children is built on our school’s key belief that every child can succeed. Our spread of holistic programmes ranges from our curriculum stretch and support programmes, student development programmes, to our signature programmes of Sustainability Education (Applied Learning Programme) and Values into Action Student Leadership (Learning for Life Programme). The AIPS Experience provides students with <br>• an enabling environment to hone their social-emotional competencies as they practise and apply good values, and,<br>• opportunities and experiences within and beyond the school to discover their unique strengths, passions and interests.</p><p>Our caring teachers and staff take pride in nurturing our children to grow holistically, to enjoy learning-for-life and to be confident contributors.</p><p>I would like to thank you, our valued parents and stakeholders, for your strong and unwavering support all these years. As a school, we are proud to work closely and partner you to care, nurture and develop AIPS students into Leaders of Character, Learners for Life. Let us journey ahead together into the new year and, as our AIPS motto goes, Grow with Resilience!</p><p>Yours Sincerely, <br>Ms Baey Ee-Lyn <br>Principal, Ahmad Ibrahim Primary School</p>